{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10760\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Connect-4 UltraBattle Version 1.4.745.298 Build 78440\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 Overview\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Connect 4 UltraBattle is an extremely simple yet fascinating game that not only allows you to throw away your entire Saturday night and procrastinate all your homework but also gives you a good challenge and the experience to play with top-notch, pre-professional, major-computer-league connect 4 ai-player.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs26 \cf0 What's new? (improvements and fixes from Connect-4 GreatBattle)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 - The app now works! (Hooray!)\
- The AI is now harder to beat than ever! Watch out!\
- Fixed the bug where the human player always wins (A lot of further development went into fixing in this bug and we are happy to announce that now they never win!)\
- The AI learned to count to 4!\
- Fixed a major bug where only a blank screen (or no screen at all) appeared when opening the game\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Known Bugs
\fs26 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 - None. This game is the epitome of perfection.\
- If you somehow manage to beat the game or find flaws, your ingenuity is simply beyond perfection.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\fs26 \cf0 \
Installation Process\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Drag the Connect4 UltraBattle folder into the application folder. Open the folder, and the Connect4_CodeDistribution folder inside it. To proceed to the game, please click on Connect4.java and open with you latest version of Dr. Java installed. Once opened, simple click \'93Run\'94 on the top right corner to play the game.
\b\fs26 \
\
Un-installation Process\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you are eco-friendly and use a PC, please drag the entire folder to the recycling bin. Otherwise, drag it into the trashcan like any other mac user would do and press empty to empty it into some binary landfill located deep inside your cpu.
\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Requirements\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 - A working computer (preferably one with at least a screen size of 13in x 10in and a display of 5000 by 2500 pixels plus)\
- Java 6 Standard Edition (SE) or a newer version of Java must be installed on your system. \
- Due to the high disk usage and memory usage of the app, it is required to have at least 10MB of free disk space and 10MB of free memory (however, in case additional copies of the app is to be downloaded and also in preparation for huge updates in the future, we recommend 400Tb for free space with additional 100GB memory.)\
- A working and up-to-date version of Dr. Java. We suggest version drjava-20140826-r5761. However versions drjava-20140826-r5760 and drjava-20140826-r5758 also seem to work smoothly and is supported by our application. We highly recommend against version drjava-20140826-r5759 for it had seemed to cause problems and is not supported by our application. Please check to make sure you do not have this version.\
- A smart human player with an IQ of 170+ is highly recommended but not required. Otherwise it would make it too easy for the ai to win and one may eventually feel the urge to smash his/her laptop and delete the program. Therefore, for best performance and highest user satisfaction, we suggest an IQ of 170+.\
- Box of tissues, in case of tears.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Disclaimer\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 By using this software, you understand and accept that:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
1. The Licensor is not to be held accountable if any form of virus/malware is attached to the following application and is also not liable to any damages, whether virtual, physical, mental, or fatal.\
2. The application is subject to limited or no warranty\
3. This application is not to be reproduced or remade in any way without the permission of its developer. Violations may result in fines and criminal charges.\
4. This license only permits the installation of the application on one computer only. The application will not be used on more than one computer system simultaneously unless another copy of this application is to be purchased.\
5. By agreeing to the License Agreement(which one already did prior to installation) and using this software, the licensee hereby agrees to give the licensor the perfect grade of A+ (100%) otherwise significant amount of damage and harm(whether digitally, mentally, emotionally, or physically) may be done to both sides.\
6. William Meng is the most handsome human being on the planet.\
(As mentioned in the License Agreement)
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 A Brief History of Connect-4 UltraBattle\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Early 1970s - The original connect 4 game was invented by Milton Bradley. At that time, it was mainly played on physical and tangible (and lame) plastic boards. Coincidentally, during that time, the use of AI began to spread into the gaming world. The introduction of AI inspired vast impulses of change in the gaming field with its adaptation and application into numerous games. \
2002-06-19 - Dr.Java, an extremely simple and user-friendly Java IDE was developed by Rice University. The introduction of Dr.Java would change the studying of Computer Science forever with students and professional programmers from all over the world beginning to use the application.\
2012-09-06 William Meng enters Loomis Chaffee School. Little did he know he would do wonders in the programming field.\
2014-09-10 - present -  The process of developing and enhancing Connect 4 UltraBattle. We fought through some crude storms and rough seas along the way but finally launched the official version of Connect 4 UltraBattle on Wednesday May 20th, 2015 at 2:53am and had its grand release ceremony in Kravis 100.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Credits
\b0 \
- This app was made by William Meng under the guidance of prominent professors Ashley Hansberry and Amanda Holland of The Loomis Chaffee School. Their insight and enlightenment proved to be crucial in the development of the application.\
- Some images were taken from Google Images. These images are not used for commercial purposes.\
- Snippets of the code had been inspired by the TicTacToe game made by the renowned, one and only, Wayne Snyder. You may visit his page at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cs.bu.edu/~snyder/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.cs.bu.edu/~snyder/}}\
- The backbone to the game was provided by a joint effort of Ashley Hansberry and Wayne Snyder.\
- Other influential works that contributed greatly to the production and refinement of the game include a MinMax Lecture by Wayne Snyder at the Computer Science Department of Boston University in his class CS112 (Intro to Computing II) and also a text by an unknown author that could be found on the portal of Loomis Chaffee\'92s AP Computer Science course.\
- Special Thanks to:\
	- William Meng\'92s brain for the generous donation and contribution of billions of cells.\
	- \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Friedlieb Runge\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  for discovering caffeine. The endeavor would not be possible without his selfless contributions to our world.\
\

\b How to Contribute and Support to our program and team\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 A donation to WMSBA (Will Meng Self-Beneficial Association) is highly recommended. It is a charity program with the sole purpose of benefiting the most awesome person(s) of our planet. We accept all currencies, including food.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl349

\f2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Copyright \'a9 2015 by William X. Meng. You may contact the develops by sending an email to god@internal.loomis.org (Yes, the email works. Don\'92t believe me? Try it.)
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Enjoy the game and try not to cry too hard when you lose. Additional tissues may be bought through the Loomis Chaffee Bookstore.\
}